Training (#1)
Arcadia-Science/arcadia-opentrons: accessing_robots.md

### **Other resources**

- opentrons [github](https://github.com/Opentrons)
- [example 3d printed accessories (STL files) for opentrons](https://blog.opentrons.com/opentrons-3d-printing-directory/)
- [opentrons protocols](https://protocols.opentrons.com/)
- [Tutorial for the python API](https://docs.opentrons.com/v2/writing.html)
- [Establishing an SSH connection to the robots](https://support.opentrons.com/s/article/Connecting-to-your-OT-2-with-SSH)
- [Arcadia opentrons github](https://github.com/Arcadia-Science/arcadia-opentrons)

## Downloading and installing the opentrons app

To use the opentrons robot you will need to download and install the opentrons app.  This is available for Mac, Windows, and Linux and is available [here](https://opentrons.com/ot-app/).  After downloading you will need to follow the OS specific installation instructions available [here](https://support.opentrons.com/s/article/Get-started-Download-and-install-the-Opentrons-App).  

## Installing the opentrons python API

> - If you haven’t already, install python3.  A tutorial for this is available [here](https://realpython.com/installing-python/).
> - If you haven’t already, install pip.  A tutorial for this is available [here](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/).
> - Open a command line and type: ‘pip3 install opentrons’

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you haven't already, install conda. You can find installation instructions [here](https://training.arcadiascience.com/arcadia-users-group/20221017-conda/lesson/#installing-conda).
- Create a conda environment to install opentrons: `conda create -n opentrons -c conda-forge opentrons`
- Activate the conda environment: `conda activate opentrons`
```
